Add details for the GitHub PAT permissions (#16758)
elastic/integrations: packages/github/_dev/build/docs/README.md

**Note**: The Issues API can fetch a maximum of 30,000 issues when querying at the organization level. No limitation exists when querying for the repository level.

> **Note**: Ensure the GitHub Personal Access Token includes those permission for the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Ensure the GitHub Personal Access Token includes following fine-grained permission for the repository:
```
